🔴 The Problem (Plain English)

You have two ways to reach Register:

From the start screen → works ✅

From the Sign-In page (“Don’t have an account? Register”) → ❌ goes to 404 Page Not Found

That means:

👉 The Register button on the Sign-In page links to a route that does not exist
or
👉 It uses a different path than the working Register route.

This is 100% a frontend routing issue, not auth, not Supabase, not PWA.

🧠 Why This Happens (Technical but Simple)

One of these is true (very common in React apps):

Start screen uses:

navigate("/register")


Sign-in page uses:

navigate("/auth/register")


or

<a href="/register">


while the actual route is /signup

OR:

The Register page only exists inside onboarding routing

The Sign-In page is outside onboarding, so /register isn’t mounted there

Result → 404

✅ What the Correct Behavior Should Be

You already described it perfectly. This is the correct UX logic:

✅ Expected Flow

If user clicks “Register” anywhere
→ they should always land on the SAME Register page

No matter if they came from:

Start screen

Sign-in screen

Onboarding

No 404s, ever

🛠️ EXACT PROMPT TO GIVE REPLIT (COPY–PASTE)

Use this exact prompt 👇
(It is strict, clear, and prevents Replit from breaking logic)

🔧 Replit Fix Prompt

Fix routing bug without changing any auth, onboarding, subscription, or payment logic.

Problem:

The “Register” link on the Sign-In page navigates to a non-existent route, causing a 404 Page Not Found.

The “Register” button on the start screen works correctly, so routing is inconsistent.

Required fixes:

Identify the exact route used by the working Register flow.

Update the Sign-In page “Register” link to navigate to that same route.

Ensure all Register actions across the app point to ONE canonical register route.

Do not create new pages.

Do not rename existing routes.

Do not change authentication, onboarding, subscription, trial, or payment logic.

Do not change UI or styling.

Acceptance criteria:

Clicking “Register” from:

Start screen ✅

Sign-In page ✅

Always loads the Register page

Never results in a 404

This is a routing consistency fix only.

🔍 How You Can Verify It After the Fix

Test this exact sequence:

Open app

Click Sign in

Click Register at the bottom
✅ Should open Register page

Use browser back

From start screen click Register
✅ Same page, same URL

No 404 anywhere

If all pass → bug is fully resolved