✅ What you WANT (confirmed)

You want this behaviour:

Plan	User type	What should happen
Free Trial	Anonymous	Enter app
Monthly / Annual / Lifetime	Anonymous	✅ Redirect to Ozow
Monthly / Annual / Lifetime	Signed-in	✅ Redirect to Ozow

So anonymous users CAN pay. Good — totally valid.

🚨 Why it’s currently wrong (root cause)

Right now your app logic is effectively doing this:

IF user is anonymous
   → allow access immediately


This rule is too broad and fires before the payment logic.

So even when:

Annual is selected ✅

User is anonymous ✅

The app exits early and sends them to the Journal.

That’s why Ozow never opens.

✅ The CORRECT logic (this is the real fix)

Anonymous users must NOT automatically enter the app.

Instead, the logic must be plan-first, not user-first.

✅ Correct decision order (this is key)
IF plan === "free_trial"
   → allow access (anonymous or signed-in)

ELSE
   → redirect to Ozow (anonymous OR signed-in)


That’s it.
No anonymous check needed before payment.

🔐 What changes AFTER payment (important)

Because anonymous users can’t be permanently identified, you need one extra step after Ozow:

After successful payment:

User is returned to your app

App says:

“Payment successful. Please create an account to activate your subscription.”

This is standard practice and totally fine.

Payment ≠ account
Account is created after payment.

🧩 Correct full flow (simple English)

1️⃣ User selects Annual
2️⃣ Clicks Continue
3️⃣ App redirects to Ozow
4️⃣ User pays
5️⃣ Ozow redirects back (success)
6️⃣ App stores payment temporarily
7️⃣ App asks user to:

Sign up or

Log in
8️⃣ Subscription is attached to that account

🟢 What to tell Replit AI (EXACT prompt)

Copy–paste this exactly:

Fix the subscription flow logic.

Requirements:
- Anonymous users MUST be allowed to pay for Monthly, Annual, and Lifetime plans.
- Do NOT block anonymous users before payment.

Correct logic:
1. If plan === "free_trial":
   - Allow access immediately (anonymous or signed-in)

2. If plan !== "free_trial":
   - Redirect user to Ozow payment page
   - This applies to BOTH anonymous and signed-in users

After payment success:
- If user is anonymous:
  - Prompt user to create an account or sign in to activate the subscription
- If user is signed in:
  - Activate subscription immediately

Do NOT change Ozow integration.
Only fix conditional logic and post-payment handling.
Add clear comments.

🧠 Why this is the BEST approach

✅ No payment friction

✅ Anonymous users can pay immediately

✅ You stay secure

✅ You don’t lose conversions

✅ Industry-standard flow

This is how many SaaS apps actually do it.