🧠 The real root cause (what’s actually broken)

The flow currently is:

Frontend
→ calls backend: /create-ozow-payment
→ backend should return { redirectUrl }
→ frontend sets window.location = redirectUrl


What’s happening instead:

Frontend
→ calls backend
→ backend FAILS (or returns error / empty)
→ frontend shows “Redirecting…”
→ no URL → redirect fails


That’s why you see:

Spinner

Then failure

No Ozow page

🚨 Why this happens MOST OFTEN (top 4 causes)

Based on Ozow + Replit + Express setups, one of these is almost certainly true:

1️⃣ Backend route is not reachable in production

Common on Replit:

Frontend is running

Backend server is running

BUT the frontend is calling the wrong URL (e.g. localhost)

✅ This is the #1 cause

2️⃣ Backend is throwing an error when generating the Ozow hash

If:

Site Code

Private Key

Amount

Transaction Reference

…are even slightly wrong → Ozow URL generation fails.

Backend then crashes or returns 500.

3️⃣ Backend returns JSON, but frontend expects a redirect

Example:

{ "success": true }


instead of:

{ "paymentUrl": "https://pay.ozow.com/..." }


Frontend has nothing to redirect to.

4️⃣ Environment variables not available in production

Very common on Replit:

Works locally

Fails after publish

process.env.OZOW_* is undefined

Backend can’t build the payment URL.

✅ What to do NEXT (this is the correct fix path)
Step 1 — You MUST log the backend response

Tell Replit AI to log what the backend returns when you click “Continue to Secure Payment”.

You want to know:

Is the backend being called?

Is it returning a URL?

Is it erroring?

🧩 EXACT prompt to give Replit AI (copy-paste)
The Ozow redirect is failing.

Symptoms:
- User reaches "Redirecting to payment..."
- No redirect to Ozow occurs
- Payment flow fails silently

Debug requirements:
1. Add server-side logging to the Ozow payment creation endpoint:
   - Log when the endpoint is hit
   - Log the generated Ozow payment URL
   - Log any errors during hash / URL generation

2. Ensure the frontend:
   - Receives a `paymentUrl` from the backend
   - Only shows "Redirecting..." AFTER receiving the URL
   - Logs the response if no URL is returned

3. Verify that:
   - Backend endpoint is reachable in production
   - Frontend is calling the correct backend URL (not localhost)
   - OZOW_SITE_CODE, OZOW_PRIVATE_KEY, OZOW_API_KEY are available in production

Do NOT change UX.
This is a backend redirect debugging task.

🧪 What a SUCCESSFUL run should look like (for you)

When it’s fixed, this will happen:

Click Continue to Secure Payment

Brief “Redirecting…”

Browser URL changes to:

https://pay.ozow.com/...


Ozow bank selection page loads

If step 3 does not happen → backend is still broken.

🛑 Important instruction for you right now

Do NOT keep testing payments until this is fixed, because:

You may create orphaned payments

You may confuse the state further

Fix redirect first → then test once.

🧠 Final clarity (this is the key sentence)

Your app is not failing to decide WHEN to pay — it is failing to generate and return the Ozow payment URL.

Once that single issue is fixed, everything else you built will suddenly work:

Confirmation screen ✔

Anonymous payments ✔

Post-payment flow ✔

Profile subscription state ✔